
# COOKIE INFORMATION

Public Square does not collect any cookies, but they are stored in the browser for proper functioning of the website.

## 1. What are cookies? 

Cookies are small data sets that are generated by a web server, sent through the Internet and stored on an end device with the help of the browser program. The website uses "cookies" essentially to recognize users or their devices, to save the user's preferences or information for the duration of the surfing or in the event of return to the page. Cookies are also used to display behavior-based advertising and to control ad content.

## 2. What types of cookies are there? 

### 2.1 Distinction by domain
First party cookies: Are sent and read exclusively from the domain of the service provider.
Third party cookies: Are sent and read by domains from other service providers.

### 2.2 Distinction according to storage duration
Session cookies (session-id): Temporary cookies that are automatically deleted when the browser is closed. Session cookies enable the user's movements on the website to be recognized, so that information is retained. Without cookies, websites have no "memory".

Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies that have to be deleted manually or are deleted after a certain period of time. These cookies help the website to remember the user and their preferences; e.g. language selection, menu preferences, internal bookmarks or favorites.

### 2.3 Differentiation by usage
Technically necessary cookies: These cookies are required to ensure the functionality of the website and web application and cannot be deactivated for this reason.

Analysis cookies: These cookies collect anonymous information to create statistics to better understand user behavior on the website and in the web application and to improve the application.

Marketing Cookies: These cookies store information about visited websites in order to display personalized advertisements.

## 3. Use of cookies without consent

Public Square (http://publicsquare.social/) is entitled to store cookies on the end device of the informed user, the sole purpose of which is to carry out or facilitate the transmission of a message over an electronic communications network, or, to the extent strictly necessary, to carry out a service expressly requested by the participant or user to provide a service (Article 5 (3) ePrivacy Directive).

## 4. Which cookies are used?

| **Name**     | **Duration**                                         | **Purpose**                                                                                              |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| settings  | On the browser until deleted by the user.            | Local setting that allows the user to define the desired website language and theme.                               |
| METHOD       | On the browser until deleted by the user (optional). | Local setting that allows the user to decide if wants the browser to remember the selected login method. |
| cookiesAccepted | On the browser until deleted by the user. | Local setting that remembers when the user accepts the Cookie Consent dialog.                                    |
